                                                              How I failed my History exam





YO! I'm not the best in school,but I still have some good grades. But today, I am telling you how I failed my history exam.

So,the story starts with me and my fried asking each other what are we going to do.

-Edi, what are we going to to?

I know that Edi didn't learned anything.

-I don't know.I'l just go there and see.

Now this happened this Tuesday and I started learning for Friday.

-I hope I do something.I am learning since Friday.

-Good for you.I don't know what I'm going to do.I know something here and there.Maybe I can pass with a 5.

For those who don't know,I am Romanian and 5 is something like a D-

-I hope so. I know last exam you got 4 if I remember.

-Yeah.But he put me a 9 in the catalogue.

Now,befer Hstory he had French.

We were 

Bonjour madam le professeur! And then,a girl from the class goes to her and says

-Teacher,can we lear at History?

-Ughhhh!ine!But this is the last time!

-Thank You teacher!

-But be quiet!

After 3 minutes you hear.

-Pst! Ask me something.

-Who invented Rome?

-Your mom! (:

Anyways, after half an hour we start the exam.

-Hello children!

-Hello teacher!

-We are taking a test today right?

Now,the thing that I didn't know,was that it was a Flash Test.

After 3 minutes he starts telling the questions.

-Who invented Rome?

After 20 minutes we switch papers and start we start to correct the tests.

When I got my test backi saw that i got a 4

-I'm screwed!

Fortunately,he didn't put my grande in the catalogue

So yeah,that's how I failed my History exam.

See you guys!


